wanna know what's heating up in theaters
this weekend convention in the
provocative thriller get out
directed by Jordan Peele a young black
man learns a disturbing truth wait wait
wait that's I've decided to become a
music lucious crazy talk
a Tibetan Mastiffs leave home to fulfill
his dream of being a rock star in rock
dog you are totally on fire
you blow up my room you my room I'm
gonna fight you I'm sorry what Ice Cube
and Charlie Day play teachers about to
meet in the parking lot after school in
fist fight you got it I don't think
you've got this see what's hot in
theatres with this week's anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]